So this is the SwaggerConfig for our docket bean,
so let's look at the SwaggerUI.
So first, let's make sure that our UserManagementApplication is running,
which it is, and our ApplicationCatalogApplication is running.
So, they're both running, and so in order to access the SwaggerUI,
you go to localhost:8081/swagger-ui.
html.
So this is the initial look at the API documentation generated for us.
So first, let's look at our Application Entity : Simple Jpa Repository.
Let's click on the list of operations.
So notice here we have POST, DELETE, and PUT; where we can save an application,
delete an application, or update an application.
So let's look at the list of operations.
So here for posting to an application,
it shows you an example of what you need to pass in,
and here it gives you the ability to enter an id,
enter a body, and click try out.
Now let's close this by clicking on Show/Hide,
and now let's look at our application-catalog-controller.
So notice here there are two operations,
GET applications for the entire list of applications,
or GET a single application by passing in the id.
So now, let's expand the operations,
and let's test out get application passing in the id.
So let's get application 1,
and notice here we have our custom response message on the 500
HTTP status code that says the server is down.
Please make sure that the UserManagement microservice is running.
And so we looked at how we could customize response
messages from our microservices using Swagger.
So let's try this out, let's click on try out, and here is our response body.
So you see SwaggerUI allows consumers of microservices to
actually test out the microservices. It's a very useful tool.